One day before that, it was a
difficult night. We did not sleep all night, and a building slammed
next to us. The second day, all the people came out and we went out.
We were like them. We were
like them. They took us on Khamsa Street. Selfie and my
husband made tents and sat down. The plane started to get dirty. I
don’t know what the Qadaf missiles were. I don’t know what
happened.
Then something came down on us. Fire didn’t happen.  I know what it
is. The whole earth smells
our fire. We run through the
fire. I was with a girl and the second girl I couldn't
be with her. I didn't
see her because of the fire. She doesn't know the fire. Whenever there was a
fire,
my daughter and my husband were gone. The arish was with his
brother sitting. The
day they brought them, they were burned, protected, and they couldn't be seen. My predecessor and
her daughter were all
burned. We can't go now.  God is sufficient for me, and He is the best disposer of affairs,
but it is
all a lie. It is all a lie. This brings people together and there is a distance in it. It is
all
a lie. Who is the least of them? The least of them. God is sufficient for me. God is sufficient for me,
and He is the best disposer of affairs among them, and not a single one is standing with me. This is
the rule.
But